c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Bienvenida.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Bienvenida.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionCliente.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionEstacionamiento.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionSectores.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\PrincipalOperador.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\tiposVehiculos.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionCliente.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionEstacionamiento.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\gestionSectores.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\PrincipalOperador.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\tiposVehiculos.g.cs
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\PrincipalAdmin.baml
c:\users\monta.asusx5\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPOXX\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\PrincipalAdmin.g.cs
